started with a big bang llege eyes again
and bring you home so why don't you pack
up your stuff and we'll head back no
this is my home now thanks to you my
career is over I'll spend the rest of my
life here in Texas trying to teach
evolution to creationists
you watch your mouth Shelly everyone's
entitled to their opinion evolution
isn't an opinion it's facts and that is
your opinion
I forgive you let's go home
oh man did you see the way she smiled at
me fine go ahead
no this is our day if you want to chase
off to hood chase after all uh Who am I
kidding I would never shot with a girl
like that
put yourself down you're a very
attractive man you think so yeah it
wouldn't kill you to take a Pilates
class with me now and then certain wiry
appeal well doesn't matter cuz she
wasn't really smiling at me actually in
this case I think she was really yeah my
what a douche
Oh looks like the Ganges on laundry day
at least they don't know it was you
hello Kripke this classic prank comes to
you from the malevolent Mind of Sheldon
Cooper if you'd like to see the look on
your stupid face this video is being
instantly uploaded to YouTube Oh
tip to Leonard Hofstadter and Rajesh
Koothrappali well I'm going back to
India what's your plan
I see no organizational system in here
whatsoever which panties do you wear on
Mondays I don't need panties I just need
shorts and a shirt my mother always told
me one should wear clean underpants in
case one is in an accident one was
already in an accident if it doesn't
mean one won't be in another especially
if I'm driving Hey here seriously those
shorts at that table all right
no no that's cute
we should have you checked for a
concussion
okay now we gonna help me put these on
all right but don't look don't look I
don't want you to see me naked
oh well that's understandable you may be
interested to know that a prohibition
against looking is well-established in
heroic mythology the lot and his wife
Perseus and Medusa Orpheus and Eurydice
oh great they always look at never ends
well okay you gonna help me get my arm
into the sleeves okay
is that my arm he doesn't feel like an
arm and maybe you should let it go all
righty
bazinga
the thing that
it sounds like something that would
attract the wrong crowd
if any here from Nebraska correct born
and raised
heyyou is back interesting me
acquaintance is the first to greet me
engine light is on
yeah I got to put a sticker over that
so you must be devastated about your
divorce not at all
but I am a bit distressed to be in a
vehicle that's not subjected to regular
maintenance come on I mean you're not
upset that your marriage is over
well initially I felt something akin to
grief and perhaps anger but that's the
natural reaction of the limbic system to
being betrayed by a lonesome
son-of-a-bitch sure sure thankfully my
shock was somewhat mitigated by the fact
that I haven't had intercourse with him
in eight years eight years oh that's
nothing I've been responsible for my own
orgasm since 1982
yikes what's so funny that's exactly
what I say during orgasms
yikes I could use a drink you would have
stuff for a drink
oh I don't drink I do I'll teach you
yikes
I've been responsible for my own buzz
since 2003 yeah
oh yeah you can't sit there why not
that's where Sheldon sits he can't sit
somewhere else no you see in the winter
that seat is close enough to the
radiator so that he's warm yet not so
close that he sweats in the summer it's
directly in the path of a cross-breeze
created by opening windows there and
there it faces the television on an
angle that isn't direct so we can still
talk to everybody yet that's so wide
that the picture looks distorted
perhaps there's hope for you after all
our whole universe was in a hot dense
state the nearly 14 billion years ago
expansion started wait